Privacy Policy for Calc Pro+ Secret Photos
This Privacy Policy describes how KeepSecret, Inc. treat personal information about users of the Calc Pro+ Secret Photos(the Application) and related Services. By using the Calc Pro+ Secret Photos and related Services, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you cannot agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not download the Calc Pro+ Secret Photos or use related Services.

Types of Information
“Personal Information” is information that you provide to us that personally identifies you, such as your name, phone number or email address. Except as described below, KeepSecret, Inc. does not collect or require users of the Calc Pro+ Secret Photos to provide Personal Information.

“Non-Personal Information” is information that cannot be directly associated with a specific person or entity. Non-Personal Information includes but is not limited to your device’s configuration and the version of Calc Pro+ Secret Photos that you use.

“Potentially Personal Information” is information that its Non-Personal Information in and of itself, but that could be used in conjunction with other information to personally identify you. For example, Uniform Resource Locators (“URLs”) (the addresses of web pages) or Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses (the addresses of computers on the Internet), which are Non-Personal Information in and of themselves, could be Personal Information when combined with Interest service provider (“ISP”) records.

“Aggregate Data” is information that is recorded about users and collected into groups so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user.

You do not need to provide any Personal Information in order to download and use Calc Pro+ Secret Photos. When you download Calc Pro+ Secret Photos, Calc Pro+ Secret Photos receives only standard Non-Personal Information. KeepSecret, Inc. purpose for collecting Non-Personal Information is to better understand how users use the Calc Pro+ Secret Photos. From time to time, KeepSecret, Inc. may release Non-Personally Information in the aggregate.

Other Information We Collect
KeepSecret, Inc. may collect Personal Information about you, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. The types of Personal Information collected will vary depending on the activity. The requested information may include: (i) your name, (ii) email address, and (iii) telephone number

We may collect Personal Information from you, such as your first and last name, gender, and e-mail and mailing addresses when you access certain services offered via our product. If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply. When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information. We also collect other types of Personal Information that you provide to us voluntarily.

Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Information (as described below), KeepSecret, Inc. may disclose Personal Information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on KeepSecret, Inc; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of KeepSecret, Inc. or users of the Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or Terms of Use.

If you have any questions regarding the management and use of personal information, please contact us at the address leonkiros2017@163.com

Contact Information
KeepSecret, Inc. welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at leonkiros2017@163.com
